IoT:

---1.Motion sensor: same sensor used in two sinarios. The different range could't be configured. 
---Idea: use different time schedule as different purpose. 

2.If the AWD open the door and never close it, the robot would be always trigger to go towards the door.

Robot:

1. If the body is too high, the laser sensor can't detect blocked way.

2. If the AWD is facing an object or in some place move_base cannot reach, than the current person finding routin cannot recognize the target.
   ad-hoc: play video to ask the target to turn tward the robot camera or move out from the narrwo area.
   autonumous solution: implement auto zoom function with zoomable camera.

3. Need a domain expert to model the robot behavious, i.e., someone have to write the PDDL model.
   ad-hoc solution: do modellong for current specific senarios by tianyi and sajay
   research direction: do the task planning in a general way

4. how to build up the map of the AWD house?
   ad-hoc solution: mapping by tianyi
   autonumous solution: autonumous mapping useing slam

5. how to pre-define place for robot to do the cruise for finding the AWD?
   ad-hoc solution: pre-define by tianyi
   autonumous solution: find the best point after doing the mapping

6. the approach person function assume that the target person is not moveing in house. If the person is hiden from the robot for purpose, than the robot will report no face found in house and call emgergency contact.
   ad-hoc: let it be
   autonumous: inplement people tracking function. Once found the target, lock the target in the view, than approach the target wihile the target is moving.

7. face detection false positive error
   solved autonumous: tweak the face detector source code
   side effect: have a better face detector ros package, better than the state of the art

8. face recognize fail if people is too high. 
   ad-hoc: invite short mock patient to do experiment, or even ask the patient to sit down during approach action.
   autonumous: use camear with controllable camera angle and zoomable len.

9. move base fail when the destination pose is behind the robot
   ad-hoc: turn the robot toward the destination before calling move_base
   autonumous: not sure, we really don't want to implement our own low level motion planner in this project.

